docs/developers/gateway/setup.md, before:

# Setting up Gateway V2

Hummingbot Gateway is middleware that allows Hummingbot to connect to decentralized exchanges like Uniswap. You can setup the gateway V2 by following these steps. 

The steps to set up Hummingbot to run with Gateway V2 are the same as setting up Hummingbot from source. The only additional thing to do is to check out the [development](https://github.com/hummingbot/hummingbot/tree/development) branch.

Follow the instructions from [Source](https://hummingbot.org/installation/source/). The only additional step is to do:

```bash
git checkout development

```

!!! warning
    There are small changes made in the Hummingbot client for it to work with gateway-v2 so it's very important to have both the client and the gateway running from the same branch. 


## Dependencies

### Linux

Run the following commands to install node and other dependencies. The example illustrates a Debian-based Linux Distro.

```bash
# Installing curl
sudo apt install curl

# Installing jq
sudo apt install jq

# Installs nodejs v14.x
curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_14.x | sudo bash -
sudo apt-get install -y nodejs

# Installs Yarn
curl -sL https://dl.yarnpkg.com/debian/pubkey.gpg | sudo apt-key add -
echo "deb https://dl.yarnpkg.com/debian/ stable main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/yarn.list
sudo apt update && sudo apt install yarn

```

### MacOS

If you’re using `homebrew` execute the following command to install `node` and other dependencies.
```bash
# Using Homebrew installs node and yarn
brew install node
brew install yarn

# Installing curl
brew install curl

# Installing jq. Note: jq is like `sed` for JSON data
brew install jq

# Installing envsubst
brew install gettext
brew link --force gettext

```

## Generating Configurations and SSL Certificates

There are bash scripts in `$PROJECT_HOME/gateway/setup` folder that can be used to generate the necessary configurations and certificates that will be used by both the Gateway Server and the Hummingbot Client.

- **Generate Certificates using Hummingbot Client**
    - Run the Hummingbot client.
    - Run the `gateway generate-certs` command
    - The passphrase must be the same as the hummingbot client password
    - Take note of the directory in which the certs are being created. It will be used to configure ssl certifacte.
        ![Generate Certs](/assets/img/generate-certs.png)
- **Generating the configuration**
    Execute the following commands:
    ```bash
    cd $PROJECT_HOME/gateway/setup

    # Generates and configures the ethereum.yml conf to use the right Infura Eth node
    ./generate_conf.sh $GATEWAY_CONF_FOLDER $INFURA_PROJECT_ID

    # $GATEWAY_CONF_FOLDER - Directory the ssl.yml file is located in
    # $CA_CERT_FILE_PATH - Intended value for the caCertificatePath configuration.
    # $CERT_FILE_PATH - Intended value for the certificatePath configuration.
    # KEY_FILE_PATH - Intended value for the keyPath configuration.
    ./generate_ssl_conf.sh -f $GATEWAY_CONF_FOLDER -c $GATEWAY_CA_FILE -e $GATEWAY_SERVER_CERT_FILE -k $GATEWAY_SERVER_KEY_FILE

    ```

    **Note:**

    1. `$GATEWAY_CONF_FOLDER` should be the `$PROJECT_HOME/gateway/conf` folder.

    2. For `INFURA_PROJECT_ID`, you can register for a free infura account and create your own Ethereum node for testing.

    3. The files passed to `GATEWAY_CA_FILE`, `GATEWAY_SERVER_CERT_FILE`, and `GATEWAY_SERVER_KEY_FILE` are generated by `create_certs.sh` and should be under `$PROJECT_HOME/gateway/certs`.

- **List of Environment Variables**

    Below is an example of environment variables that are used by the aforementioned scripts and within the Hummingbot Client 
    ```bash
    # Used within Hummingbot client to initialize GatewayHttpClient
    export GATEWAY_CONF_FOLDER="/Users/<username>/hummingbot/gateway/conf"
    export CERT_FOLDER="/Users/<username>/.hummingbot-gateway/hummingbot-gateway-36191c46/certs"
    export GATEWAY_LOGS_FOLDER="/Users/<username>/.hummingbot-gateway/hummingbot-gateway-36191c46/logs"

    # Used to populate the Gateway conf accordingly
    export INFURA_PROJECT_ID="<INFURA PROJECT ID>"
    export GATEWAY_CA_FILE="/Users/<username>/.hummingbot-gateway/hummingbot-gateway-36191c46/certs/ca_cert.pem"
    export GATEWAY_SERVER_CERT_FILE="/Users/<username>/.hummingbot-gateway/hummingbot-gateway-36191c46/certs/server_cert.pem"
    export GATEWAY_SERVER_KEY_FILE="/Users/<username>/.hummingbot-gateway/hummingbot-gateway-36191c46/certs/server_key.pem"


    # Used in curl commands for manual-testing
    export GATEWAY_CERT="/Users/<username>/.hummingbot-gateway/hummingbot-gateway-36191c46/certs/client_cert.pem"
    export GATEWAY_KEY="/Users/<username>/.hummingbot-gateway/hummingbot-gateway-36191c46/certs/client_key.pem"
    export ETH_ADDRESS="<ETH_ADDRESS>"

    ```

## Starting Server
Execute the following commands

```bash
# $PROJECT_HOME should be the root directory of the hummingbot project
cd $PROJECT_HOME/gateway

# Installs all dependencies defined
yarn

# Builds project
yarn build

# Starts the Gateway Server
yarn start --passphrase=$GATEWAY_PASSPHRASE
```

**NOTE:**

`$GATEWAY_PASSPHRASE` is the passphrase you set for the certificates when generating the ssl certificate. It should be the same as the hummingbot client password

## Additional Configurations/Troubleshooting

1. **Changing Gateway Port**
    
    In certain cases, the default port, `5000`, might already be in use. As such you might need to change the port number accordingly. To do so modify the following yaml files accordingly:
    
    - `$PROJECT_HOME/hummingbot/gateway/conf/server.yml`
        
        ```yaml
        port: <NEW_PORT_NUMBER>
        ipWhitelist: []
        unsafeDevModeWithHTTP: false
        GMTOffset: 800
        id: <ID>
        ```
        
    - `$PROJECT_HOME/hummingbot/conf/conf_global.yml`
        
        ```yaml
        ...
        
        # Gateway API Configurations
        # default host to only use localhost
        # Port need to match the final installation port for Gateway
        gateway_api_host: localhost
        gateway_api_port: '<NEW_PORT_NUMBER>'
        
        ...
        ```
        
        **NOTE:** The `NEW_PORT_NUMBER` in `conf_global.yml` should be in single-quotations
        
2. **Getting a `Error: could not detect network` error**
Ensure that the `nodeAPIKey` of `ethereum.yml` and/or `avalanche.yml` is entered correctly.
    - If using Infura Node, the `nodeAPIKey` refers to your **PROJECT ID**

## Testing using `curl`

Certain manual tests are defined in `$PROJECT_HOME/gateway/manual-tests/curl.sh` file. To run them, ensure that you have `curl` installed in your system. 

Copy and paste individual commands into your terminal to execute the tests accordingly
i.e.

```bash
curl -s -X GET -k --key $GATEWAY_KEY --cert $GATEWAY_CERT [https://localhost:5000/](https://localhost:500/) | jq
```

Expected Output:

```json
{
  "status": "ok"
}
```

Commit message:

(fix) Added info when older yarn version is present on the system

docs/developers/gateway/setup.md, after:

# Setting up Gateway V2

Hummingbot Gateway is middleware that allows Hummingbot to connect to decentralized exchanges like Uniswap. You can setup the gateway V2 by following these steps. 

The steps to set up Hummingbot to run with Gateway V2 are the same as setting up Hummingbot from source. The only additional thing to do is to check out the [development](https://github.com/hummingbot/hummingbot/tree/development) branch.

Follow the instructions from [Source](https://hummingbot.org/installation/source/). The only additional step is to do:

```bash
git checkout development

```

!!! warning
    There are small changes made in the Hummingbot client for it to work with gateway-v2 so it's very important to have both the client and the gateway running from the same branch. 


## Dependencies

### Linux

Run the following commands to install node and other dependencies. The example illustrates a Debian-based Linux Distro.

```bash
# Installing curl
sudo apt install curl

# Installing jq
sudo apt install jq

# Installs nodejs v14.x
curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_14.x | sudo bash -
sudo apt-get install -y nodejs

# Note: An older version of yarn (in package cmdtest)could be installed and would need to be uninstalled:
# Error msg: npm ERR! EEXIST: file already exists
sudo apt remove cmdtest

# Installs Yarn
curl -sL https://dl.yarnpkg.com/debian/pubkey.gpg | sudo gpg --import -
echo "deb https://dl.yarnpkg.com/debian/ stable main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/yarn.list
sudo apt update && sudo apt install yarn

```

### MacOS

If you’re using `homebrew` execute the following command to install `node` and other dependencies.
```bash
# Using Homebrew installs node and yarn
brew install node
brew install yarn

# Installing curl
brew install curl

# Installing jq. Note: jq is like `sed` for JSON data
brew install jq

# Installing envsubst
brew install gettext
brew link --force gettext

```

## Generating Configurations and SSL Certificates

There are bash scripts in `$PROJECT_HOME/gateway/setup` folder that can be used to generate the necessary configurations and certificates that will be used by both the Gateway Server and the Hummingbot Client.

- **Generate Certificates using Hummingbot Client**
    - Run the Hummingbot client.
    - Run the `gateway generate-certs` command
    - The passphrase must be the same as the hummingbot client password
    - Take note of the directory in which the certs are being created. It will be used to configure ssl certifacte.
        ![Generate Certs](/assets/img/generate-certs.png)
- **Generating the configuration**
    Execute the following commands:
    ```bash
    cd $PROJECT_HOME/gateway/setup

    # Generates and configures the ethereum.yml conf to use the right Infura Eth node
    ./generate_conf.sh $GATEWAY_CONF_FOLDER $INFURA_PROJECT_ID

    # $GATEWAY_CONF_FOLDER - Directory the ssl.yml file is located in
    # $CA_CERT_FILE_PATH - Intended value for the caCertificatePath configuration.
    # $CERT_FILE_PATH - Intended value for the certificatePath configuration.
    # KEY_FILE_PATH - Intended value for the keyPath configuration.
    ./generate_ssl_conf.sh -f $GATEWAY_CONF_FOLDER -c $GATEWAY_CA_FILE -e $GATEWAY_SERVER_CERT_FILE -k $GATEWAY_SERVER_KEY_FILE

    ```

    **Note:**

    1. `$GATEWAY_CONF_FOLDER` should be the `$PROJECT_HOME/gateway/conf` folder.

    2. For `INFURA_PROJECT_ID`, you can register for a free infura account and create your own Ethereum node for testing.

    3. The files passed to `GATEWAY_CA_FILE`, `GATEWAY_SERVER_CERT_FILE`, and `GATEWAY_SERVER_KEY_FILE` are generated by `create_certs.sh` and should be under `$PROJECT_HOME/gateway/certs`.

- **List of Environment Variables**

    Below is an example of environment variables that are used by the aforementioned scripts and within the Hummingbot Client 
    ```bash
    # Used within Hummingbot client to initialize GatewayHttpClient
    export GATEWAY_CONF_FOLDER="/Users/<username>/hummingbot/gateway/conf"
    export CERT_FOLDER="/Users/<username>/.hummingbot-gateway/hummingbot-gateway-36191c46/certs"
    export GATEWAY_LOGS_FOLDER="/Users/<username>/.hummingbot-gateway/hummingbot-gateway-36191c46/logs"

    # Used to populate the Gateway conf accordingly
    export INFURA_PROJECT_ID="<INFURA PROJECT ID>"
    export GATEWAY_CA_FILE="/Users/<username>/.hummingbot-gateway/hummingbot-gateway-36191c46/certs/ca_cert.pem"
    export GATEWAY_SERVER_CERT_FILE="/Users/<username>/.hummingbot-gateway/hummingbot-gateway-36191c46/certs/server_cert.pem"
    export GATEWAY_SERVER_KEY_FILE="/Users/<username>/.hummingbot-gateway/hummingbot-gateway-36191c46/certs/server_key.pem"


    # Used in curl commands for manual-testing
    export GATEWAY_CERT="/Users/<username>/.hummingbot-gateway/hummingbot-gateway-36191c46/certs/client_cert.pem"
    export GATEWAY_KEY="/Users/<username>/.hummingbot-gateway/hummingbot-gateway-36191c46/certs/client_key.pem"
    export ETH_ADDRESS="<ETH_ADDRESS>"

    ```

## Starting Server
Execute the following commands

```bash
# $PROJECT_HOME should be the root directory of the hummingbot project
cd $PROJECT_HOME/gateway

# Installs all dependencies defined
yarn

# Builds project
yarn build

# Starts the Gateway Server
yarn start --passphrase=$GATEWAY_PASSPHRASE
```

**NOTE:**

`$GATEWAY_PASSPHRASE` is the passphrase you set for the certificates when generating the ssl certificate. It should be the same as the hummingbot client password

## Additional Configurations/Troubleshooting

1. **Changing Gateway Port**
    
    In certain cases, the default port, `15888`, might already be in use. As such you might need to change the port number accordingly. To do so modify the following yaml files accordingly:
    
    - `$PROJECT_HOME/hummingbot/gateway/conf/server.yml`
        
        ```yaml
        port: <NEW_PORT_NUMBER>
        ipWhitelist: []
        unsafeDevModeWithHTTP: false
        GMTOffset: 800
        id: <ID>
        ```
        
    - `$PROJECT_HOME/hummingbot/conf/conf_client.yml`
        
        ```yaml
        ...
        
        # Gateway API Configurations
        # default host to only use localhost
        # Port need to match the final installation port for Gateway
        gateway_api_host: localhost
        gateway_api_port: '<NEW_PORT_NUMBER>'
        
        ...
        ```
        
        **NOTE:** The `NEW_PORT_NUMBER` in `conf_global.yml` should be in single-quotations
        
2. **Getting a `Error: could not detect network` error**
Ensure that the `nodeAPIKey` of `ethereum.yml` and/or `avalanche.yml` is entered correctly.
    - If using Infura Node, the `nodeAPIKey` refers to your **PROJECT ID**

## Testing using `curl`

Certain manual tests are defined in `$PROJECT_HOME/gateway/manual-tests/curl.sh` file. To run them, ensure that you have `curl` installed in your system. 

Copy and paste individual commands into your terminal to execute the tests accordingly
i.e.

```bash
curl -s -X GET -k --key $GATEWAY_KEY --cert $GATEWAY_CERT [https://localhost:15888/](https://localhost:500/) | jq
```

Expected Output:

```json
{
  "status": "ok"
}
```
